Thank you. So all that came
To help all of our students learning to work online.
Richelle Direny: We will continue.
Tomorrow,
Our
Distribution will take place between 9am
To repeat this
Daron B: Shot the shit out of me.
Daron B: Hello. Yeah.
Daron B: You
Daron B: Got a meeting. What you're gonna
Richelle Direny: Yes, you do. You have
Richelle Direny: To your file.
Okay.
Daron B: Oh, Rachel, my script has not been in for two days.
Richelle Direny: Because you haven't met with me in a long time.
Richelle Direny: Because every time we meet
Daron B: We last week I was
Daron B: Started my job. I called him and told him that work. They said be excused. They and yesterday. I didn't know that y'all had not a one o'clock 12 o'clock.
Richelle Direny: But Wednesday, you had your meeting with me.
Daron B: Wednesday, I thought that was today.
Richelle Direny: I had you had your meeting with me on Wednesday and I sent you a message, reminding you of your meeting and I never got a response.
Daron B: Yeah, I got I got like eight kids.
Daron B: Out here. I'll show you how crazy this would see here right now. It's hard for me to keep up with some dumb.
Richelle Direny: Well, I asked her if you had in Seoul. Your, your script being filled with contingent upon your meeting with me today because I typically don't meet with anyone on a Friday.
Richelle Direny: But I knew you were going to be out of your script. And so I told them, if he makes time and meet with me today, he can get his script.
Richelle Direny: So I'm
Richelle Direny: telling you right now. Darren, if you, Amy, you would have been
Richelle Direny: At a guess for the rest of the week.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: I was waiting for you not to be a no show because you would have been straight about a gas.
Richelle Direny: So hold on let me open up everything here but listen
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: Say you have eight kids, but can you make time every Thursday at 12 o'clock to time.
Richelle Direny: Next week Thursday is
Schedule.
Daron B: Right now I'm laid off because of this flu shit that closed on my factory.
Richelle Direny: So you'll have me
Now,
Daron B: Know,
Daron B: When I go back to reschedule. So, my kids are
Richelle Direny: In bed right now. You ain't going back for like 234 weeks, a month.
Daron B: You gotta be hopeful at least
Daron B: You just kill
Daron B: Kill. Oh.
Daron B: be out of work that
Richelle Direny: Will tell us to
Daron B: Try to find another job or something. I have to have bills to pay. I can't be out of work that well. We all have to be in the same boat. But listen
Richelle Direny: Next week is the last week of the month.
Richelle Direny: Thursdays 12 o'clock.
Richelle Direny: After that starting April, the second which is the first Thursday in April, I will have two groups, one at 12 and when it's six
Daron B: Six.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're gonna have to do it every week. If you want to get your script. You don't have to do it every week. I'm not gonna sit here and be hard about individual therapy. But I mean, at the end of the day, you know, how bad do you want to be stable.
Daron B: Or
Richelle Direny: And I'm here with you but you got to meet me halfway
Or
Richelle Direny: So after this after our session today, I will send. Um, I think, Danny.
Richelle Direny: I will send Daniel or miss. Natalie to let them know that you did fulfill
Richelle Direny: Your obligation.
Richelle Direny: And they could call in your script.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So hold on me open everything up.
Richelle Direny: So, and, and it's like, just like today you have good reception.
Richelle Direny: You know, we're going to work on our reception. Because I know a lot of the times.
Richelle Direny: You'll be on stilt mode.
Richelle Direny: Just be
Richelle Direny: completely frozen like you are right now, unless you're real good at keeping still
Pretty bad
Richelle Direny: All right. Okay. So today is just like I said, it's your bio. It is
Richelle Direny: What is just really just being get information gathering and after that then, like I said, the thing is, when you explain how this program. I don't know if you've ever done.
Richelle Direny: Tell a medicine program or men in rehab and we'll get into that specifically when I start the whole process or the the bio but bright hearts process is that arm.
Richelle Direny: You have to meet
Daron B: Weekly.
Richelle Direny: In order for you to get your scripts filled, you have to meet weekly after you know there's not necessarily a time frame. But if we noticed that there is consistency.
Richelle Direny: In you attending your meetings. You're compliant you're doing everything that you need to do then they move it over whether it's every other week or once a month.
Richelle Direny: But in order to get there. You just gotta do what you just got to work the program up until you get to that point where all you have to do is come in the group once a month, check in with me either once a month or once every other month from an individual
Richelle Direny: Perspective. But, you know, right now.
Richelle Direny: You just have to let me know when I send you a message to tell you, Hey there, you have an appointment, just say, Hey, I can't make it, or yes I'm gonna make it or whatever the situation is. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so
Richelle Direny: You pretty much already know how the program works in terms of, you know, making that time available for 45 minutes to an hour, having and right now. Like I clearly I see you. Chillin in your bed is it dumb.
Richelle Direny: And you don't have in a headset. So typically when we're doing individual groups. We ask that you when you come to group, you always have a headset, especially when you have an audience.
Richelle Direny: Well, right now. Y'all got no audience, but in group you you got some shirts with you. I mean, I know that they'll understand what's going on. But then I see you always have a sock conversations to I see you
Richelle Direny: I'm just saying. Just keep something in your ear so that in groups. Everybody doesn't hear your everybody else's conversation so
Richelle Direny: Like they
Richelle Direny: They're pretty big on confidentiality, because people oftentimes are not very, you know, trusting of people and they you know you're in a group setting. If they're sharing and then everybody else here in their business. That's not cool. Okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But OK, so in getting started, how did you hear about bright heart.
Daron B: While doing my friends. Now we're going through detox program and your winter break or
Richelle Direny: Okay. Have you ever gone to
Richelle Direny: A rehab program outpatient
Daron B: Prison.
Richelle Direny: How long ago was that
Daron B: A year ago, you're too though.
Richelle Direny: How long were you are incarcerated.
Daron B: 18 months.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so that's the only time that you've ever been.
Richelle Direny: In a treatment program.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: And what's the name of the program. And how long were you in it.
Daron B: Was called Americans people or something like that was in Troy Ohio people, places and things take place a stop to go there and do meetings with
Daron B: My counselor and
Daron B: So forth.
Richelle Direny: It was in it was an inpatient rehab or outpatient
Daron B: And inpatient I've never done that patient.
Richelle Direny: And how long you said it was
Daron B: It was like a year, about a year, year and a half ago, maybe two years ago.
Daron B: I kind of quick note.
Daron B: Or relapses. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Hold up. But you said it was impatient. So how you stop going if it's impatient.
Daron B: I just didn't go nowhere because I did it. I did it on my own free will.
Richelle Direny: But if it's impatient. You can't stop going to impatient, they gotta let you out.
Daron B: What do you mean
Richelle Direny: Impatience is different from outpatient outpatient you go everyday impatient. It's like you're in a facility you sleep.
Daron B: Oh, no, no.
Daron B: I thought you meant like this is outpatient and outpatient you going on your own free will.
Richelle Direny: You can
Daron B: Walk out and be like, Okay, I get it, I thought, I thought you were meaning like you know like being face to face, and being in. That's what it moves in
Daron B: What you were talking about. But ya know the outpatient program.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And you said that you were doing therapy.
Daron B: Yeah, I was doing therapy. They're just like quick
Richelle Direny: So after 18 so you were so then you're saying that during that time, coupled with the 18 months, you said you were incarcerated.
Richelle Direny: And then how long were you actually going to this inpatient program before you really
Daron B: Are waiting for like a month or so, but then like I had so much stuff happened the last few months before me getting out of prison and of course and prisoners drug get whatever you need a period
But you're not
Richelle Direny: You're not
Richelle Direny: You're not really sober in prison, you're kind of doing your thing.
Daron B: Yeah, like even if you're a prisoner prisoner me like can't get anything to work everything in prison. Oh, okay, yeah, I should say.
Daron B: But I was doing good at it for a while and I was kind of weird. So I was with this girl I've been with for like five years and she ended up being pregnant during the time of me go get being incarcerated. So for the first nine months.
Richelle Direny: She got pregnant while you were incarcerated.
Daron B: Know, right before like like a day or two of me being is she came to visit me in the jail before I got sent to prison. Okay so me that she had, you know,
Richelle Direny: She
Daron B: Was pregnant. So there's all time thinking I got a kid come into the last two months of Verizon.
Daron B: I get a phone call forever. Afterwards, but my parents and everybody's been helping out with the baby and stuff. And it wasn't models, my cousins so fucked me up, man. So I just words to stay
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that would, but there are, we don't have to control the language, okay.
Daron B: Sorry.
Daron B: I gotta mow
Richelle Direny: So I'm guessing you in that cousin or not really cool like that. No more.
No.
Richelle Direny: Wow, so
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: You. So you said out when once you got discharge, you were out for about a month, you were going to the program now was a program like part like are you on probation. Now, or no.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so this was voluntary you went into a program, and after a month. You're like life is so overwhelming and you relapse.
Daron B: Just pretty much
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that since then, two years ago, you haven't been in any program.
Know,
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, how
Richelle Direny: When did you
Richelle Direny: When did your addiction started like, how old were you kind of in what was surrounding that.
Daron B: Murder, She Wrote letters to opiates really started
Daron B: Was I was like
Daron B: My senior year in high school.
Daron B: Football I broke my leg in three different places. So I was on opiates bad by he died for my pain. And then I was a wheelchair for us another like two more years data got the rehabilitation, but there that I was getting Parker, so
Daron B: Bike it ends and the law, the
Richelle Direny: Audition see your addiction was more with pills.
Daron B: Yeah what pills.
Daron B: And
Heroin
Daron B: No, no, I was too scared and nervous times I've contemplated life when I after after my scripts got taken away and I started realizing you get sick. If you don't have these human. I mean I contemplated it but I just found it some way and
Daron B: Spent a lot of money on pills and rent money and it just got really bad, just put that word. That's why everybody was trying to make me get health and that's like all
I mean,
Daron B: Way it wasn't affecting my family.
Richelle Direny: You know mean
Daron B: And
Daron B: Some crazy shit together. I mean things crazy things.
Richelle Direny: That I wanted session. You want a cookie and they
Daron B: Will call me out.
Richelle Direny: Love.
Daron B: To see oh
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, I'd say for right you want to use your words but not on a recorded session.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You. So you're saying since high school. Have you would you say like it's been consistent like what's your longest sobriety. Since then, since you started on the pills.
Daron B: To be a p
Daron B: O. BOX security.
Daron B: And I was just going to visit.
Daron B: And please let me start because I'm a foreigner and that's in the middle of nowhere MPa and can't get to nothing, not stay for a couple days. I just bought enough stuff to
Daron B: Keep me good while I was up there. So once I was out I was ready to go home, they're like, What do you mean you're going home or not leaving until you're clean so they would they put me through that and I went through three weeks of hell.
Daron B: Like like
Daron B: Like like that y'all, man. It was terrible.
Daron B: So,
Daron B: Pretty much after that I didn't touch in there for like a good another like three, three years, then this stuff happened and then I just started going right. I just didn't want to fill out anything or just couldn't believe all this that happened, you know,
Richelle Direny: So you're saying you're talking about the, the person who gave you a jacket is what they would call it that. So you're talking about her and your dad brought you
Richelle Direny: So they kind of helped you get off of the the pills.
Daron B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And after that, three weeks you stayed clean for three years.
Daron B: Yes, and I did.
Daron B: This was before I went to prison.
Daron B: Or anything I did other things by didn't do opiates. You know what I mean. And then when a person like you know already a marine haha
Richelle Direny: What other things.
Daron B: Like we
Daron B: Co, stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Like I was doing all the
Richelle Direny: Staff all
But
Daron B: I'll call like crazy and, you know,
Daron B: I share my dad's alcoholic, you know,
Daron B: Like know families.
Daron B: But
Daron B: It didn't get really bad into this new since I got had been on Thursday and all that happens.
Daron B: That's when it was just
Richelle Direny: This is after you found out
Daron B: When I realize
Richelle Direny: It's after you found that yours.
Yeah but killed me.
Daron B: And
Daron B: Just start buying them in prison and people sending me money. I was telling him like I needed it for some like my comments here and stuff like that. But really, was gave me for that stuff and then
Daron B: Next thing I know, I'm back full blown addicted. Again, you know, and since I've been out and everybody started noticing a big super changing
Daron B: So Aaron mothers are my kids and their friends and everybody they pretty much got me to call you guys and said, If I didn't do this, I'm not gonna be able to see much older.
Daron B: Oh wow, all
Richelle Direny: The you literally, literally have a children or
Daron B: You were just me. Yes.
Richelle Direny: And they all live with you.
Daron B: Know all of my day they stay with me, like, especially now, like I got six of them. The other two that I do have there and
Daron B: Burn Knoxville, Tennessee.
Daron B: There they were given up for adoption. When I went to prison from their, their mother for open adoption.
Daron B: Totally really never seen him.
Yes.
Daron B: So you could see them if you want to open with her open her not not
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK.
Daron B: Pictures to keep me updated and stuff but
OK.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now, you said that. So now you're living with your mother and
Daron B: Your children, though, I'm living with
Daron B: No, I'm living with my other child's mom. We just had a baby. A couple months ago.
Daron B: Like
Richelle Direny: Number eight.
Daron B: Yes.
Daron B: That's the baby in a jar here. SCREAMING
Richelle Direny: Well in group, you had a little, little child sitting next to you.
Daron B: Yes, another
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so. So since I'm teenagers, the longest sobriety is three years and then kind of
Daron B: Yo,
Daron B: You're frozen.
Richelle Direny: Am I still frozen.
Daron B: Know you're moving, though.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Your longest and cars for a year, longest sobriety after incarceration was one one.
Daron B: Yeah, very much not even that I wanted to know that I didn't even still doing stuff I've been doing this is up in prison.
Daron B: No longer sobriety. I have was the three years.
Oh,
Daron B: Once I once I will get back to do it. I didn't stop when I got it. When I got out.
Daron B: Like I got out right at the top of the income tax and
Daron B: had plenty of money. So I just bought a bunch of
Richelle Direny: So like you said that there were other myself with it.
Richelle Direny: Now outside of the when you found out that the child didn't belong to you.
Richelle Direny: The two to have your kids were adopted off while you were incarcerated. You said right what
Richelle Direny: What are some
Other factors.
Daron B: So again,
Richelle Direny: What we're other factors. What were some
Other factors.
Daron B: Oh, sorry. Hold on. One moment. I gotta figure out when somebody calls it makes it where I can't hear you. Mm hmm.
Daron B: Or say something again.
Richelle Direny: No, I said, what are the
Daron B: Other factors or yeah
Daron B: Like vectors word
Richelle Direny: That you said because you said like you
Richelle Direny: It was so much that was going on.
Richelle Direny: after you got out.
Daron B: That's when
Daron B: I got I got two kids. I'll never know. I thought I was having a kid with somebody to tear her in her kitchen five years, you know, and I mean they're bright told me wasn't good news and all this other stuff byard editor for me to just get you know embarrassing.
Richelle Direny: So a lot of it. You know, I mean, like, oh,
Daron B: It was super emotional. Right. You know what I mean, like, I wish I never did it because I
Daron B: Am not feeling like you're not going to depend on something. I just got rid of, you know what I mean. I had to talk with my dad. He was like,
Daron B: No like he's like, I don't understand why you decided to do that. We went through hell that plays. I know second time you go through it, it's going to be worse.
Daron B: You know what I mean in or I wish I'd known I just hurts.
Daron B: That hurts bad bro, especially, especially when you're sitting there taking care of somebody and kids or even years like you know other kids are taken care of. Okay, I'm in dorm own thing.
Daron B: You know they don't deal with somebody, so like when my family, you know, I mean, and then had the audacity to take a baby. The jury Linda wasn't even worried that ticket to my mother, you know, and I mean I'm in touch with asthma really killed like
Daron B: I get out. I'm just looking like the laughingstock you know I mean like, bro. We told you told you don't trust. I mean, like, that's not
Richelle Direny: My documentation. Imagine I can't imagine you get attached to a child that you think that is yours, and then to find out. It's almost like losing a child.
Richelle Direny: That so verse. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um, now that that is a lot. That is a lot to to process emotionally
Daron B: Mentally
Daron B: And then, and
Then
Richelle Direny: I had another
Daron B: Your demo top of that I have another
Daron B: Get ready to kids. I'll never seen.
Richelle Direny: But if you gave if they weren't given up for adoption, wouldn't you have to have signed off your parent all rights.
Daron B: And that's what I thought, too, but whatever she did was so illegal and I just don't have the money to fight.
Daron B: You know what I mean, like,
Richelle Direny: They're kind of way that she could do that.
Richelle Direny: You have to pay for for a child to be given up for adoption, you have to sign off your parents all rights, you have to
Daron B: Well, unless
Richelle Direny: In the state of Ohio.
Richelle Direny: I don't think that well in Ohio. I don't know. It's how it is in Ohio in terms of the laws, when it comes down to that. Like I don't hear you.
Daron B: You have to
Daron B: Grab his diaper. Get out over me.
Daron B: Alright y'all, guys got to get out of the meeting. All right. Talk to me about in a minute.
Daron B: Hold his neck. Don't let him just wiggle around like that, please.
Daron B: shut my door. Bye.
Daron B: All right.
Richelle Direny: Now, what is your highest level of education.
Daron B: High school. I went to college for a little bit. We're doing finish was going for business management and psychology
Daron B: And Miami Jacobs.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm going to ask you about psycho history. Were you ever diagnosed with any mental illness.
Daron B: Know,
Richelle Direny: When were you ever done.
Richelle Direny: Even when you were incarcerated. Did you ever see a psychologist or psychiatrist while you're incarcerated and they gave
Daron B: You a diet.
Daron B: Yeah, they, they, they send you to a place called CRC. That's where everybody goes before they go to their institution they they test your blood pressure, your heart diseases others and go to a
Daron B: Psychiatry is they go ahead and search through my assessment came back global
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you were never diagnosed with anything. Okay. And since being out. You've never seen a psychiatrist or psychologist.
Daron B: Other number one. I want to see all those don't know the program.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Have you have any thoughts of suicide or attempts of suicide or homicidal self.
Richelle Direny: injurious behavior. No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: In terms of family history.
Richelle Direny: You say you got anger issues.
Richelle Direny: But I think we all got
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, hey you know what there is a lot. I mean, I can see depression setting in to some degree, because having experienced all that you've experienced emotionally with
Richelle Direny: Losing the two children after your incarceration, as well as finding out that a child that belong to you and it's all family related and just kind of like that is a lot
Richelle Direny: To go through and it seemed like depression is kind of what aided in your relapse and going through hardcore into the relapse. So that's definitely good. But in in all of that you've never had a thought of harming yourself.
Daron B: No.
Richelle Direny: Or harming anybody else anyone in particular.
Daron B: I mean, I would be him of
Daron B: Course, like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but no, no homicidal thoughts.
Richelle Direny: No, okay. No. Okay, now family history has there. Is there any die. Anyone whether mother or father siblings. Do they have any history of mental illness.
Daron B: No, no.
Daron B: Or grandpa, my mom's dad loves that he committed suicide when I was five.
Richelle Direny: Do you were you ever told like what was surrounding that like once he did he have a history of
Daron B: Substance abuse or
Richelle Direny: Mental illness.
Daron B: There we had a lot of everything going on.
Daron B: grandpa was pretty up there.
Richelle Direny: He was out there. What do you mean he was out there.
Daron B: There is just crazy.
Richelle Direny: Was the, um,
Richelle Direny: What about. Were you ever in the military.
Richelle Direny: Prior to your incarceration.
Low. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now you said your mom or dad, you have no knowledge of them having a mental illness.
Daron B: No.
Richelle Direny: Do you have siblings.
Daron B: Yes.
Richelle Direny: How many siblings do you have
Richelle Direny: And they don't have a history of mental illness.
Know,
Richelle Direny: And have your eight children. The six now that are with you.
Richelle Direny: Any of them have mental illness.
Daron B: Low late. My absolute my one daughter has a reading disorder or less about it.
Richelle Direny: No, that's medical that's not
Daron B: Bad. So, I mean, there's no
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now, how old is your elders, how well I should say, How old are they
Daron B: Push it
Daron B: 30 or 12 1110 1210 998
Daron B: Other two i think i think he should be about five now.
Daron B: So three I got a baby. This two months old.
Richelle Direny: So you have twins or you just have
Richelle Direny: Two kids that don't see
Daron B: Names, just go with
Daron B: Just go with
Daron B: That
Richelle Direny: You got two kids. Okay. All right.
Daron B: There to support
Richelle Direny: Wow. Wow.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're really trying to get on the straight and narrow now.
Daron B: You're here i'm i'm in a room and I'm making him screaming yeah I hey guys.
Richelle Direny: That's okay. You have now, now that your home and all the kids are home from school year homeschooling so I understand.
Richelle Direny: I know now for the next few weeks. I'm going to be having kids in the background as a part of my session. So I'm okay with that.
I'm okay.
Richelle Direny: I understand the struggle is real right now.
Daron B: I do understand that. Yes.
Daron B: I'm now right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I know, I know, I know. And I'm sure if you're laid off. I'm sure you're not going to try to put them in daycare for your own peace of mind.
Daron B: Because low birdstone don't get no peace. Right.
Richelle Direny: Well, yeah, six kids. And that's a lot. That's a lot of kids to all under majority of them under 10 that's that's a lot of noise.
Daron B: So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Um, now family history of substance abuse.
Richelle Direny: Your dad. You said your dad was an alcoholic.
Daron B: Oh well, both
Daron B: My mom and her family. They were but now like since they've been with Christianity and all that. My grandpa uncle her by there's a preacher. No, they don't.
Daron B: But they used to my mom used to drink puzzle. When she stopped everything to my dad, he
Daron B: Wakes up
Richelle Direny: Still
Daron B: That's his thing. Yeah. Tuesday with cancer, there's no stopping
Your pants.
Daron B: No, no, no, my
Daron B: mom. My mom. She's chillers are here where by me and then diabetes. I'm here.
Daron B: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So you're saying that
Richelle Direny: He the horse trainer. But you said he still he has cancer install an alcoholic.
Daron B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you said your dad helped her get clean. He helped you get off of the opiates.
Daron B: We Adobe and see like he was also see how you just said that he was kind of like he's. Oh, it's like I have to create about it.
Daron B: They wouldn't do that. But everything else was cool.
Richelle Direny: You drink button just no office no pills. Okay. All right. Well, at least he helped you. And you stayed off three years so
Daron B: I mean,
Richelle Direny: Got to give them that better. Sure.
Richelle Direny: So maybe you could help him.
Richelle Direny: Given that he's, he has medical issues to stop drinking
Richelle Direny: Now, what about
Richelle Direny: Your grandparents side use because I know you said that you had your family or they have their own history of substance abuse.
Richelle Direny: Geared siblings don't have a history.
Daron B: My brother is very much the same as me. He's just different, like he takes like
Daron B: He does like
Daron B: Adderall.
Daron B: Drinks constantly
Daron B: And then
Daron B: Matter of fact, hold on, I forgot to say that to my brother, he's, he went through something when he was at bowling green and it's changed his whole mind where he's been he has he had been he does have mental
Daron B: I've had to put him in
Daron B: A call with the physical as the inpatient place or dad. My mom had to check the moon.
Daron B: He was at first it was whatever it took to stay a
Daron B: Bowling Green affected his mind like really, really bad by the Holy
Richelle Direny: Days. Well, no, but
Richelle Direny: What is that called okay
Call it
Richelle Direny: So when he went off to college, whatever he did while he was there.
Richelle Direny: He know he was never the same.
Daron B: Yeah, it is. It's not. He's not
Daron B: Got it's like
Daron B: When I first came out, he said he was, he said of speakers and TVs or or cameras in the walls watching those those come he's is
Richelle Direny: He does he have a delusional disorder.
Daron B: Schizophrenia. Yeah.
Daron B: Yeah, like, something like that. My mondo
Daron B: Now,
Daron B: Days that he's coding just goes crazy.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like he's schizophrenia. So you have your brother. Now, are you the eldest
Daron B: No second bonus
Richelle Direny: To your brothers older
Daron B: Know. He's the youngest, he's my baby brother brother brother brother brother, my oldest brother's going on with substance abuse. Hello, brother. You don't do anything. No more. But whatever he did their best his whole Marina
Richelle Direny: Also three. So it's three boys.
Altogether, no sisters
Daron B: Or boys all together.
Daron B: For okay for
Another brother is a gentleman.
Daron B: He's a general manager. He's well he's one of the general managers.
Richelle Direny: But he doesn't have a history.
Daron B: Know the drinks are nervous.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you say he's a social drinker, but nothing
Daron B: addicting. You know, nothing like that is much do starved for that.
Richelle Direny: Is that, is there any history of abuse within even within your own family growing up, mental, physical, sexual verbal anything like that.
Daron B: Mean
Daron B: Verbal and their mouths boyfriends, like, you know, things like that, the modalities are seeing them to
Daron B: Us usual
Richelle Direny: The usual
Daron B: Fighting and girls just
Daron B: Oh noes.
Richelle Direny: Would you say he was
Richelle Direny: In terms of growing up. Would you say he physically abused. Like did you grow up in an abusive household within between your you and your
Daron B: Siblings or your mom. Not like towards me like my like towards me like my dad because typically like that. So, you know, listening. That's probably
Daron B: Like, believe it or not.
Daron B: But as far as I remember my mom when they split up when I was like, I've heard stories about them fighting and stuff but
Daron B: It is where like when I see him do it like his girlfriends and stuff like what my mom would be going through what her boyfriends. You know, there's times where me and my brothers as kids have to
Daron B: Band together do like not touch you know
Richelle Direny: Now, okay, so she was more she was more in an abusive relationship.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So you grew up in your home. You grew up where
It's just
Richelle Direny: As a there's some degree of violence, there is alcohol. Some degree of addiction that you grew up when you're home.
Richelle Direny: Right, that's kind of what you went there. Yes.
Daron B: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of support system do you say, would you say that you had any support system when you were growing up.
Richelle Direny: Like your aunts and uncles.
Daron B: Yeah, yeah, of course. I mean, yeah, my dad like what sports and stuff like, you know, like he was my coach you know i mean coach mover resin state wrestling and football you know there's there's when I lost my scholarship is all their search has changed, you know, remove
Richelle Direny: You lost your scholarship to the pill addiction.
Daron B: Yeah. Oh, not just that some other things happen.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Your, your arm.
Richelle Direny: Your reverends a little deep, it sounds like Darren.
Daron B: Yeah, put myself in a pretty big hole.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: No history of real therapy.
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised in Ohio.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: What would you say, from your perspective, when you decided to join bright heart.
Richelle Direny: What was your goal. Like, what is it that you
Daron B: Would like to get some loving so dependent on the open for what I'm feeling right now because my meds.
Daron B: But
Daron B: I'm just, I want to be able to
Daron B: God
Daron B: Oh I but again I just, you know, I don't want to be dependent. When I go to work and not be like, Man, oh boy.
Daron B: Or I don't feel like I can't move right now because I'm sick.
Daron B: I'm going to do nothing, so I can't finish my day. What the hell is going on my phone.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you're fine. Your fingers right in front of the camera.
Daron B: Shut off for me fix it. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so you would like so. So one goal is that you want to eventually taper off.
Of it.
Daron B: Yeah, I don't want to depend on does. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And that's going to take a little bit of time.
Richelle Direny: In so I don't think you. What were you in that group. No, no, I don't think I did it with your group, but there is in one day. Maybe I'll show the video in the group.
Richelle Direny: You have to think of it that you know if you've been addicted to opiates. Let's say, for the last 10 years is going to take some time for your body to readjust to be able to function without
Richelle Direny: Any type of opiates. So it's going to take a little bit of time. But if it is your goal to eventually taper off of the Suboxone
Daron B: You know, the question is,
Richelle Direny: Are you willing to put in the work in the time to be able to do that.
Daron B: Yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Like I
Daron B: Remember when I went through.
Daron B: Went through
Daron B: Each each moment.
Daron B: And following up and doing all the stuff that went through. I don't want to go through
Daron B: But
Richelle Direny: What are you willing to question
Daron B: Is, are you willing to do it. I really to do
Richelle Direny: What you're willing to do Darren.
Daron B: What are you willing to do. I'm willing to do it. I'm saying I gotta like it myself up for that. What do you
Richelle Direny: What do you have to empty yourself up for what do you think you have to empty yourself up for
Daron B: I'm saying, like, I have to make sure everything's good. Because I know I'm not gonna be able to do nothing for like during that time period.
Richelle Direny: Like the way
Daron B: Things are paid for K on say like, I can't just go like that. I went three weeks of being in a room, I can even get out of my bed, you know,
Richelle Direny: What I'm asking
Richelle Direny: But you're on a maintenance program. And if one of your if your primary goal of being a part of this program bright heart which
Richelle Direny: Provides you with the convenience of locking on online. Are you willing to go through the program to be
Daron B: Able to eventually get here. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: But yeah
No, no.
Daron B: Know,
Daron B: Just say like
Daron B: Don't know about that right now.
Richelle Direny: No, no, this is not like a rehab program where
Richelle Direny: You do the program and then after six months of your insurance paying for it. Then they kick you out into you. I don't use your own. No, that's not
Daron B: That's not what this program is about
Richelle Direny: Are going to get your weekly but a part of that your requirement is logging on for an hour once a week to do your, your groups.
Richelle Direny: And then meet you. I meet individually to address your inability to cope
I mean, listen.
Richelle Direny: You have a lot going on. Like I said, the metaphor that I use your river runs really deep, which means that
Richelle Direny: There is a lot that underlining Lee is going on. And in order for you to be able to taper off of this medication, you have to, you have to address the core issues of the reason why you're on this arm. Why, Your Honor. This man you understand
Richelle Direny: You wouldn't road, being able to come off of Suboxone honestly I'm gonna be real. You're never going to ever come off of it. If you never address your core issues, you will never be able to get off of it.
Richelle Direny: Has to go together.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like, oh, Doc.
Richelle Direny: I'm sick, it will. Can you give me something. What you're going to the doctor for if you ain't gonna take the pills that he tells you if you're not going to do. You said
Richelle Direny: The same way I can give you your script. Well, not me, per se, but you know the the doctor or Natalie could give you your script, but you have to comply with the rest of it and the rest of it is come on here and talk to me. I'm not that hard to talk to
Richelle Direny: Not for 45 minutes or so I'm trying to say.
Richelle Direny: You gonna be hopeful about a good month. I'm just saying. Talk to me. Alright, alright, alright. Alright, maybe two weeks, maybe two weeks.
Daron B: You have some hope for me.
Richelle Direny: Well yeah you got six kids. So maybe two weeks.
Richelle Direny: But I mean that's that's literally all you have to do just comply with the program in that aspect. And like I said, I am not.
Richelle Direny: I am not going to be ridiculous. Like that one time that we were supposed to meet and I sent you the message and you you replied back and says, Hey, you know, there's a bad snowstorm. I can't meet. I'm still stuck out on the
Daron B: Road.
Richelle Direny: You understand I'm that forgiving. I'm not going to be hard to understand that life happens. But if y'all, hit me up. Darren.
Richelle Direny: I'ma tell Natalie, you know what
Daron B: Is
Richelle Direny: A second show
Richelle Direny: Do not give
Daron B: Us all it's funny. I did forget I forgot that we said that that day is just so much going on between everything that
Daron B: Could Nord convert virus thing and you know really
Daron B: What's going on all this stuff going on that.
Daron B: Controller buyers. Whatever you call out every same
Richelle Direny: Thing. Oh, yeah.
Daron B: You know, I mean, my all this stuff like people trying to stop keep things clean up keywords and I just, I really don't. I look at my phone honest.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well I'm gonna need a week.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna need you to look at it just once a week. That's
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm gonna need you to look at it.
Daron B: But then
Richelle Direny: It is
Richelle Direny: This in it. It is it is a lot. I am not going to sugarcoat it. It's a lot for everyone. It really legitimately, it's a lot. And the whole idea of number one you being laid off.
Richelle Direny: Trying to figure out how you're going to be able to support your family.
Richelle Direny: Being able to do everything, not knowing where the next meal is going to fall, it's, it's very stressful being locked up in a house or if I don't know how it is there in Ohio, but I know
Richelle Direny: In many states, they're pretty much like shutting down the state and telling everybody to quarantine themselves for however long
Daron B: And so there is a library.
Richelle Direny: That's a lot to be locked up in a house with six is screaming kids that is a lot. So yeah, exactly. A few you if
Daron B: You if you, you know,
Daron B: A few you
Daron B: But
Richelle Direny: I mean, I'm just saying it is a lot. But what is your outline what is your self care routine sitting there and just being in your head is going to drive anyone
Richelle Direny: Up the wall. So, I mean, I will just say
Richelle Direny: Moving forward, we can check in. Once a month. That's not a problem because also, you know, being able to check on here financially with insurance and everything. And not everything not completely being in place.
Richelle Direny: From a government standpoint, I know they're lifting certain things with co pays or with insurance companies or what have you. So I
Richelle Direny: Understandable to say, you know, I can only be there if you want me to be there for you. I can only help you if you want me to help you, like, I can't do more than you're willing to do
Richelle Direny: So, you know, just, you know, every Thursday. The groups are 12 O'clock in six o'clock, whichever one, but the the six o'clock group starts the first week of
Richelle Direny: April.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I don't know, I think.
Richelle Direny: Next week that the care coordinators are going to call everyone to just let them know to remind them again that the groups are going, they just moved up in our 12 o'clock and then starting in April, the group will be at six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: And so at least you have that option if you miss the sixth of the day group, you have the option to come to the evening group. So you do have that option.
Richelle Direny: You know, as long as I like I said you work with me. I'm, you know, if you if I send you a message of a reminder, just let me know if you're able to make it. If not, if you need changes, just let me know or whatever the situation is when it comes on to your script that is all.
Richelle Direny: From Natalie, she is the one that fills the script. So I'll send her a message, let her know I want to say that they did call it in. But I'll send a message to let them know
Richelle Direny: That you didn't meet for your, your session and that arm to go ahead and fill the script. So you will be able to pick it up, whether it's today or tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: You have any questions for me.
Daron B: Dog did these kids get it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. No problem. So I'll send a message, letting them know so that they can fill your script and then I will see you on Thursday at 12 o'clock.
Daron B: Or low sugar call it there because
Richelle Direny: I'm going to send them the message right now.
Richelle Direny: They'll let you know. I'll send you a message and let you know if they respond to
Daron B: Me. So are you gonna send me a text.
Richelle Direny: You will see your text.
Daron B: Takes you know takes it.
Richelle Direny: Let you know
Richelle Direny: I'm Darren your phone has a calendar on there. Could you please put on their weekly reminder Thursday group bright heart 12 o'clock.
Daron B: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Is that a pit bull.
Daron B: Yeah, Brad Pitt's
Daron B: He does his
Richelle Direny: Back. He just hit you know
Richelle Direny: That dog is saying you hit me on the hit you.
Richelle Direny: Was the cutest thing.
Richelle Direny: I see her you like. Let's go. That's what she's saying, Get off the
Daron B: Phone. Let's go see. I'm thinking
Daron B: I let the dog out she sent me my head and so goal.
Richelle Direny: That's the best thing I've ever seen.
Richelle Direny: Like you did. Let's go.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one.
Daron B: You too.
Bye.